documentation in sphinx format (#1090)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/single_model_mode.md

> # Single model mode {#ovms_docs_single_model}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Single Model Mode {#ovms_docs_single_model}
```

> ### Running the OpenVINO&trade; Model Server Image for **Single** Model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Running the Model Server with a **Single** Model
```

> Follow the [Preparation of Model guide](models_repository.md) before running the docker image 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the [Preparation of Model guide](models_repository.md) before running the Docker image 
```
